In addition to properties we can add functions to a class.
These are referred to as class methods.
Methods are simply functions that an individual object can perform.
For example let's add a new function to our class called SAY HELLO.
That just prints out a simple message functions inside.
Classes are defined in exactly the same way you would define a regular function in our test script.
We're creating a new object of this class.
So let's call the function in the same way we'd access a property by using the hyphen and greater than
symbol on the object variable.
When we run this code in the browser the function our method is executed.
And we see the message.
Let's add another method called get a name that will return the name property of the object inside a
method.
There's a special variable called to this which represents the current object.
You can access properties and call methods using this object variable so we can return the value of
the name property of the current object using this followed by the name of the property.
In the other script once we've created an object let's set its name property and then change this method
call to call the Get name method instead and at the same time echo out the method of return value.
We could have access to property value directly but this method is just to demonstrate how to access
properties inside methods.
And when we run this code we see the value of the name property of the object.
As we saw once you have a class definition you can create as many objects as you like of that class
and each object has its own property values.
So let's create another object set it's name property to something else and print it out in the Echo
statements too.
When we run this code we see the property values from the two different objects.
As far method naming standards inside a class.
It's recommended that methods are named using kamil case.
This is all lower case including the first character of a method.
But if there are any other words inside the method name then they should be capitalized.
You can see that here in say hello and gets named methods.
Also inside a class definition it's common to place properties first followed by the methods.